Contributor requirements

Developer Certiticate of Origin

This project uses the Developer Certificate of Origin, Version 1.1 used
by Linux Foundation in developing the Linux Kernel. The Developer
Certificate of Origin is in the root of this repository as DCO.md, or
online at <http://developercertificate.org/>. In short, it says that you
know where your contribution came from, you know you have the right to
distribute it under the same license as this project, and that you can,
and do, grant the right for this project to distribute it under the
license listed in the LICENSE.md file of this project. You, as a
contributor will say that you agree to the DCO by inluding a
"Signed-off-by" line with any commit you make. The Command Line version
of git makes doing so simple, use the --signoff or -s option when you do
make your commit. Inside the commit message it will look like this:

    Signed-off-by: Ronald Lamoreaux <gitkey@chindraba.work>

GPG-signed commits

In addition, to be acceptable to the project, the commits need to be
GPG-signed. Again, git makes this simple with the --gpg-sign[<keyid>] or
-S[<keyid>] options for a commit. That, of course, means that you will
have to have a PGP key for the same name and email address as you use
for creating the commits. GitHub has a good page, Generating a new GPG
key" <https://help.github.com/articles/generating-a-new-gpg-key/>, that
helps you do make one, and associate it with your GitHub account if you
wish.

OpenPGP public key

One extra step that is required beyond the GitHub help example is that
your key also needs to be on a public key server somewhere. Two choices,
that I know of, are the regular public key server network and Keybase
<https://keybase.io/>. The public key server pool can be accessed
directly by GNU Privacy Guard, the gpg command line tool, or on the web
at many addresses, including a host at MIT, <https://pgp.mit.edu>. The
Keybase app <https://keybase.io/download> supposedly makes things easier
to use, and increases other users confidence in the connection between
an identity and the key. However it is done, I support and encourage the
personal and professional use of encryption in every possible case.
Requiring contributors here to have, and use, an OpenPGP key is just one
way to advance the cause.

Code of Conduct

This project adheres to No Code of Conduct.  We are all adults.
Anyone's contributions will be considered.  Nothing else matters.

For more information please visit the No Code of Conduct homepage:
<https://github.com/domgetter/NCoC>

Issues and bugs

Find one, report one

If you find a bug, or have an issue with how something works, or doesn't
work, open an Issue on the GitHub project page:
        <https://github.com/chindraba-work/FixVid/issues>
Maybe it is not a bug, or is the result of a prior decision, maybe it is
a problem and needs to be fixed. Either way, the Issue will be seen and
addressed.

Find one, patch one

If you find a truly serious bug, and know how to fix it, code the
solution and create a Pull request:
        https://github.com/chindraba-work/FixVid/pulls
Kudos to anyone willing to take the time to create solutions rather than
notices. Please read the Contributor requirements secion above.

Feature requests and enhancements

Treat these like an issue you found. The project is small enough that
there probably isn't any meaningful enhancements possible that are not
already planned without taking it out of it's planned scope. Asking, or
offereing, won't hurt anything however, so create an Issue anyway.
        <https://github.com/chindraba-work/FixVid/issues>

Using the project locally

Once the project reaches a state where it is truly "usable" an initial
release will be tagged. Prior to this, it is a collection of scripts
that do something on their own, yet do not fulfill the goal. After that
point is reached, changes will be primarily in the "user experience" and
"cleaning the code" rather than new functions or new methods. At any
stage you find the project, within the scope of the license, feel free
to copy and use what you find.
